Add OVAL limitations and pitfalls documentation section (#6812)
ComplianceAsCode/content: docs/manual/developer/06_contributing_with_content.md

### Checks

Checks are used to evaluate a Rule.

> They are written using a custom OVAL syntax and during the building process
> the system will transform them into OVAL compliant checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are written using a custom OVAL syntax and transformed by the system
during the building process into OVAL compliant checks.
```

Author: Thanks, I've edited your suggestion a bit applied it.

The OVAL checks are stored as XML files and the build system can source
them from:

- the `oval` directory of a rule
- the shared pool of checks `shared/checks/oval`
- a template

In order to create a new check you must create a file in the
appropriate directory. The *id* attribute of the check needs to match the *id*

> of the its rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of its rule.
```

oval_config_file_exists_object
```

#### Limitations and pitfalls

> This section aims to list known OVAL limitations and sutations that OVAL can't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section aims to list known OVAL limitations and situations that OVAL can't
```
